fix(learn): enhance user stories for header parser project (#39964)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/05-apis-and-microservices/apis-and-microservices-projects/request-header-parser-microservice.md

## Description
<section id='description'>
Build a full stack JavaScript app that is functionally similar to this: <a href='https://request-header-parser-microservice.freecodecamp.rocks/' target='_blank'>https://request-header-parser-microservice.freecodecamp.rocks/</a>. Working on this project will involve you writing your code using one of the following methods:

- Clone <a href='https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-project-headerparser/'>this GitHub repo</a> and complete your project locally.
- Use <a href='https://repl.it/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-project-headerparser' target='_blank'>our repl.it starter project</a> to complete your project.
- Use a site builder of your choice to complete the project. Be sure to incorporate all the files from our GitHub repo.

> When you are done, make sure a working demo of your project is hosted somewhere public. Then submit the URL to it in the `Solution Link` field. Optionally, also submit a link to your projects source code in the `GitHub Link` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are done, make sure a working demo of your project is hosted somewhere public. Then submit its URL in the `Solution Link` field. Optionally, also submit a link to your project's source code in the `GitHub Link` field.
```

Author: I think what you suggested sounded slightly better, but I just added the apostrophe. Trying to stick with a universal wording for these and there's a number of PR's to make it like this already so I think we should stick with that.
